okay well see we're going to talk about
this particular ampere this matchless
c30 reverb there's something real
special about these amps here because
sometimes when you're doing TV yeah well
how should I say it I don't know whose
gear this is but sometimes it would do
tracks you know like the record tracks
ahead of time so it's technically live
because they're recording the live band
at the studio but then they they get to
the actual TV part of it and they play
the tracks that they recorded live so
that's how they kind of it's kind of a
trick live concept and that's what these
amps are for see these match this check
it out here see this and if you look at
how they're all set you know sitting
really don't matter
a whole lot on this particular amp and
I'll show you why in a second they power
up you know everything
the interesting part about these amps
that are being used today is what's on
the back side Hey look at that
see they're powered up power cable this
controls the LED light on the front just
just a little light bulb on the front to
light it up as well as the matchless
matchless light right there
so these ants aren't actually being
there's no to your speakers or
electronics and then they're just fake
little amps and sometimes that's how
it's done all the time but once in a
while with the
nationalists c30 retriever still a clamp
and the actual amp is still little
colder and even the fake ampere to it I
still don't know anyways that's one
thing okay